okay so this is a test of the video this
is currently recording on the Sony DV
cam and of the audio I've got a boom mic
here and well if I talk like this it
sounds quite nice it seems but you can't
have you know actors speaking into a you
know big boom mic so not exactly i'm
sure how the placement of this should be
maybe a bit outside see if i talk like
this doesn't really work can't really
eat more wire this is kind of okay
actually that's kind of all right but it
needs to be under the frame so at this
point you would need to be on top I
guess ideally kind of like this this
doesn't really work but yeah actually
yeah it sounds a bit you can kind of
here but I need to be outside of the
frame if I put it below me like this and
and I'm talking but I guess it only
works better if I'm talking downwards
which you shouldn't really be doing mmm
but if I guess if I have like this I'm
talking and talking talking wait how
about this no listen remark I mean
you're gonna have a sound guy so we're
gonna be testing this out ideally you
have the closest and then you could hear
but you know so i guess if i made blogs
like this would be kind of interesting
you know well I should know that my
vlogs could ever be interesting but at
least I would have a fuzzy little thing
to that
I would also keep looking at the monitor
here but yes I finally managed to get it
to get color is properly know that so
that's good let's see how that works on
final cut pro